the expert argues that mining activity should be limited in the headwaters of
basins in order to prevent the contamination of the Easter
preservation of the three system
the sandro chávez biologist also warned about the risk of a future
lack of water
water scarcity and pollution will be the main problems
also such that we will face in this century
marked by climate change manifested the sandro chávez biologist
two executive secretaries of the forestry collective in that sense said intel
more than 600 people
why in mind
Investment funds
nor on the other hand to the afp
doubt
from below formation
uribe the investment
these criteria must in corporate be the national regional policies place
exchange
On the other hand the president of the ecological forum of Peru also affirmed
with regard to the celebration of World Water Day that there is no longer
celebrate the water day yes no the water cycle because this is simple in
which the big problems
they come to us